# SQL_SkySport_Project
Sky Sports Channel's coverage of the FIFA World Cup includes a post-match TV program called Football Digest: Post Match Analysis.
The Football Pundits on the show discusses about the insights and game play as per their expertise and insights derived by the Sports Analyst at the backend. The Sports Analyst is responsible for analyzing data from each match to provide detailed statistics on the program related to the FIFA World Cup in Qatar and hand it over to the presenter and pundits of the "Football Digest: Post Match Analysis". 
To carry out this task, the Sports Analyst uses MySQL to access two tables of data: one containing information on each team's performance in each game, and another containing data on individual team statistics. Both the tables gets updated with each match at Fifa World Cup. The analyst uses this data to provide insights into each match, highlighting key moments, performances, and tactical decisions made by the coaches. These insights are presented on the program, giving viewers a deeper understanding of each match's events and the factors that contributed to a team's success or failure.
In our case study, we have two tables, group_stage_team_stats and overall_wc_stats that are being used by the Sports Analyst at Sky Sports Channel to provide detailed statistics and insights on the FIFA World Cup matches. The first table, group_stage_team_stats, which contains information on each team's performance in each game, has columns such as team name, game date, goals scored, goals conceded, shots on target, shots off target, possession, and many more. The second table, overall_wc_stats , which contains overall statistics of each team at the current FIFA World Cup, has columns such as player name, position, number of appearances, goals scored, assists, yellow and red cards, and other relevant information. With both tables being updated after each match, the analyst is able to extract valuable insights into the game, highlighting key moments, performances, and tactical decisions made by the coaches. Both the tables contain a column team, which is common and can be used for joining.
